“Sleep is the best meditation.” — Dalai Lama
“Each night, when I go to sleep, I die. And the next morning, when I wake up, I am reborn.” — Mahatma Gandhi
“A well spent day brings happy sleep.” — Leonardo da Vinci
“There is a time for many words, and there is also a time for sleep.” — Homer
“Health is the first muse, and sleep is the condition to produce it.” — Ralph Waldo Emerson, 
“Your future depends on your dreams, so go to sleep.” — Mesut Barazany
“The best bridge between despair and hope is a good night’s sleep.” — E. Joseph Cossman
“It is a common experience that a problem difficult at night is resolved in the morning after the committee of sleep has worked on it.” — John Steinbeck
“No day is so bad it can’t be fixed with a nap.” — Carrie Snow
“True silence is the rest of the mind, and is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment.” — William Penn
“There is more refreshment and stimulation in a nap, even of the briefest, than in all the alcohol ever distilled.” — Edward Lucas
“The minute anyone’s getting anxious I say, ‘You must eat and you must sleep.’ They’re the two vital elements for a healthy life.” — Francesca Annis
“A good laugh and a long sleep are the best cures in the doctor’s book.” — Irish proverb
“Fatigue is the best pillow.” — Benjamin Franklin
“Many things — such as loving, going to sleep, or behaving unaffectedly — are done worst when we try hardest to do them.” — C.S. Lewis
“Anyone can escape into sleep. We are all geniuses when we dream, the butcher’s the poet’s equal there.” — Emile M. Cioran
“Even a soul submerged in sleep is hard at work and helps make something of the world.” — Heraclitus
“Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.” — Benjamin Franklin
“End the day with gratitude. There is someone, somewhere that has less than you.” — Zig  Ziglar
“Happiness consists of getting enough sleep. Just that, nothing more.” — Robert A. Heinlein
“Sleep when your baby sleeps. Everyone knows this classic tip, but I say why stop there? Scream when your baby screams. Take Benadryl when your baby takes Benadryl. And walk around pantsless when your baby walks around pantsless.” — Tina Fey
“I think sleeping was my problem in school. If school had started at four in the afternoon, I’d be a college graduate today.” — George Foreman
“People who say they sleep like a baby usually don’t have one.” — Leo J. Burke
“I love sleep. My life has a tendency to fall apart when I’m awake, you know?” — Ernest Hemingway
“A kid will run any errand for you if you ask at bedtime.” — Red Skelton
“Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone.” — Anthony Burgess
“A day without a nap is like a cupcake without frosting.” — Terri Guillemets
“Without enough sleep, we all become tall two-year-olds.” — JoJo Jensen
“If you’re going to do something tonight that you’ll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late.” — Henry Youngman
“The amount of sleep required by the average person is five minutes more.” — Wilson Mizener
“There is no sunrise so beautiful that it is worth waking me up to see it.” — Mindy Kaling
“Some people talk in their sleep. Lecturers talk while other people sleep.” — Albert Camus
“The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep.” — W.C. Fields
“Dreaming permits each and every one of us to be quietly and safely insane every night.” — Charles Fisher
“No wonder Sleeping Beauty looked so good...she took long naps, never got old, and didn’t have to do anything but snore to get her Prince Charming.” — Olive Green
“Never under any circumstances take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.” — Dave Barry
“Once you wake up and smell the coffee, it’s hard to go back to sleep.” — Fran Drescher
“My biggest parenting conundrum: Why is it so hard to put someone who is already sleepy to sleep.” — Chrissy Teigen
“Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight.” — Phyllis Diller
“I came from a big family. As a matter of fact, I never got to sleep alone until I was married.” — Lewis Grizzard
“A ruffled mind makes a restless pillow.” — Charlotte Brontë
“Not being able to sleep is terrible. You have the misery of having partied all night… without the satisfaction.” — Lynn Johnston
The worst thing in the world is to try to sleep and not to.” F. Scott Fitzgerald
“If a man had as many ideas during the day as he does when he has insomnia, he’d make a fortune.” — Griff Niblack
“The last refuge of the insomniac is a sense of superiority to the sleeping world.” — Leonard Cohen”
“Don’t fight with the pillow, but lay down your head, and kick every worriment out of the bed.” — Edmund Vance Cooke
“There are twelve hours in the day, and above fifty in the night.” — Marie de Rabutin-Chantal
“The only time I have problems is when I sleep.” — Tupac Shakur
“If you can’t sleep, then get up and do something instead of lying there worrying. It’s the worry that gets you, not the lack of sleep.” — Dale Carnegie
“Insomnia is a glamorous term for thoughts you forgot to have in the day.” — Alain de Botton
“He would lie in the bed and finally, with daylight, he would go to sleep. After all, he said to himself, it is probably only insomnia. Many must have it.” ― Ernest Hemingway, A Clean Well Lighted Place
“Sleep is such a luxury, which I can't afford.” ― Robin Sikarwar
“The creak of bed springs suffering under the weight of a restless man is as lonely a sound as I know.” ― Patrick deWitt, The Sisters Brothers
“Dark circles under my eyes sink deeper and deeper into my skull, in contrast to my pale skin there is an undeniable resemblance to a fresh corpse.” ― Dee Remy
“It's sad to fall asleep. It separates people. Even when you're sleeping together, you're all alone.” ― J.L. Merrow, Pricks and Pragmatism
“Care keeps his watch in every old man’s eye, And where care lodges, sleep will never lie.” ― William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet
“You are the biggest enemy of your own sleep.” ― Pawan Mishra
“Think what devils chase a man who cannot sleep in his own house.” ― Warren Eyster, The Goblins of Eros
“If he goes to sleep peacefully knowing that your heart is hurt, beware of him.” ― Jyoti Patel
“When the sun goes down, the insomniac dreams of having a nightmare, just to get some sleep in this too loud world.” ― Vivian Pham, The Coconut Children
“There is no sunrise so beautiful that it is worth waking me up to see it.” — Mindy Kaling, Is Everybody Hanging Without Me?
“I think sleeping was my problem in school. If school had started at four in the afternoon, I’d be a college graduate today.” — George Foreman, Former Professional Boxer
“I don’t need a hairstylist, my pillow gives me a new hairstyle every morning.” — Unknown
“Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone.” — Anthony Burgess, Inside Mr. Enderby
“I don’t feel old. I don’t feel anything till noon. That’s when it’s time for my nap.” — Bob Hope, British-American Comedian
“You miss 100% of the naps you don’t take.” — Unknown
“I already want to take a nap tomorrow.” — Anonymous
“Never go to bed mad. Stay up and fight.” — Phyllis Diller, Phyllis Diller’s Housekeeping Hints
“I think it is good that books still exist, but they do make me sleepy.” — Frank Zappa, The Real Frank Zappa Book
“If you’re going to do something tonight that you’ll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late.” — Henny Youngman, English-American Comedian
“When the going gets tough, the tough take a nap.” — Tom Hodgkinson, British Writer
“I’m so good at sleeping that I can do it with my eyes closed.” — Anonymous
“Early to rise, early to bed, makes a man healthy, wealthy, and dead.” — James Thurber, American Cartoonist
“No wonder Sleeping Beauty looked so good…she took long naps, never got old, and didn’t have to do anything but snore to get her Prince Charming.” — Olive Green, Author
“Dear sleep, I’m sorry we broke up this morning. I want you back!” — Anonymous
“I love to sleep. Do you? Isn’t it great? It really is the best of both worlds. You get to be alive and unconscious.” — Rita Rudner, American Comedian
“Your eyes water when you yawn because you miss your bed and it makes you sad.” — Anonymous
“My mother told me to follow my dreams, so I took a nap.” — Unknown
“Happiness is waking up, looking at the clock and finding that you still have two hours left to sleep.” — Charles M. Schulz, American Cartoonist
“No civilized person goes to bed the same day he gets up.” — Richard Harding Davis, American Journalist
“I always say ‘morning’ instead of ‘good morning,’ because if it was a good morning, I’d still be asleep.” — Anonymous
“Don’t give up on your dreams so soon, sleep longer.” — Anonymous
“A day without a nap is like a cupcake without frosting.” — Terri Guillemets, Quotation Anthologist
“I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I’m awake, you know?” — Ernest Hemingway, American Author
“Sleep is like a cat: It only comes to you if you ignore it.” -— Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl
“No day is so bad it can’t be fixed with a nap.” — Carrie Snow, American Stand-Up Comic
“Sleep is for the weak.” —Bong